Support mapping team-members to SCIM id's in order to align with userIds used in auth (#125)
redhat-cop/group-sync-operator: README.md

In GitHub, go to developer-settings -> github apps.
* Create a new app, it does not need webhook callbacks.
* Generate a private-key and download it

> * Under "permissions and events" the app will need read-only access to the "Members" permission in the "Organization" section. NOTE: If you enable `MapByScimId` this permissions needs to be _Read & Write_, although, in-fact the operator only does read-only operations. The reason for this is the use of the v4 graphql api-endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Under "permissions and events", the app will need read-only access to the "Members" permission in the "Organization" section. NOTE: If you enable `mapByScimId`, this permissions needs to be _Read & Write_, though the operator only does read-only operations. The reason for this is the use of the v4 graphql api-endpoint.
```
